Oh, you're just being alone.
When he came from Jericho, there he goes.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Oh, you're just being alone.
When he came from Jericho, there he goes.
Well, well, well.
Oh, well, my lord.
Came from Jerry's soul And that old Jacob's whale Oh, well, he met us a merging woman And say, tell me a thing, Lord, why did you have?
Boys, you ought to sing along And he came from Jerry's soul
Oh, oh, oh.
She said, Lord, how can it be?
Oh, well, you know that you that you
And we have nothing to do with thee.
Oh, you ought to sing the Lord.
When he came from Jericho, down to Samaria.
Holy way to Jerusalem.
Lord, you ought to sing the Lord.
When he came from Jericho, our Lord, he's sitting on Jacob.
Went, went, went.